## 1. Examine flag.s. This code “implements” locking with a single memory flag. Can you understand the assembly?
    Ja es ist ein einfaches programm um sicher zustellen das immer nur ein programm in einen bestimmten bereich kommt

## 2. When you run with the defaults, does flag.s work? Use the -M and -R flags to trace variables and registers (and turn on -c to see their values). Can you predict what value will end up in flag? 
    python2 x86.py -p flag.s -M flag,count -c
    python2 x86.py -p flag.s -M flag,count -R ax,bx -c
    0 weil es am ende immer frei ist (Wenn es keine fehler mach)

## 3. Change the value of the register %bx with the -a flag (e.g., -a bx=2,bx=2 if you are running just two threads). What does the code do? How does it change your answer for the question above?
    Nein Da es immer noch gut funktioniert
    python2 x86.py -p flag.s -M flag,count -R ax,bx -a bx=2,bx=2 -c

## 4. Set bx to a high value for each thread, and then use the -i flag to generate different interrupt frequencies; what values lead to a bad outcomes? Which lead to good outcomes?
    Kein genaues Muster erkannt aber wenn es einen Interupt gibt in dem "gesicherten bericht" gibt es probleme:
    => Müsste 20 im count haben aber es komm 19 raus:
        python2 x86.py -p flag.s -M flag,count -R ax,bx -a bx=10,bx=10 -c 

## 5. Now let’s look at the program test-and-set.s. First, try to understand the code, which uses the xchg instruction to build a simple locking primitive. How is the lock acquire written? How about lock release?
    mit xchg was testet ob frei ist und reserviert gleichzeitg => Weniger Fehler
    Realease ist gleich?

## 6. Now run the code, changing the value of the interrupt interval (-i) again, and making sure to loop for a number of times. Does the code always work as expected? Does it sometimes lead to an inefficient use of the CPU? How could you quantify that?
    egal mit welche -i ich konnte keine fehler finden:
    python2 x86.py -p test-and-set.s -M mutex,count -R ax,bx -a bx=10,bx=10 -i 1 -c

## 7. Use the -P flag to generate specific tests of the locking code. For example, run a schedule that grabs the lock in the first thread, but then tries to acquire it in the second. Does the right thing happen? What else should you test?
    Es gibt keine probleme mit dem locken. => python2 x86.py -p test-and-set.s -M mutex,count -R ax,bx -a bx=2,bx=2 -P 0011 -c

    Nach dem locken kann das andere programm nur zuschauen :( => python2 x86.py -p test-and-set.s -M mutex,count -R ax,bx -a bx=2,bx=2 -P 0011111111111111111111111111111 -c

## 8. Now let’s look at the code in peterson.s, which implements Peterson’s algorithm (mentioned in a sidebar in the text). Study the code and see if you can make sense of it.
    So halb :/

## 9. Now run the code with different values of -i. What kinds of different behavior do you see? Make sure to set the thread IDs appropriately (using -a bx=0,bx=1 for example) as the code assumes it.
    -i 1 geht nicht richtig 

## 10. 10. Can you control the scheduling (with the -P flag) to “prove” that the code works? What are the different cases you should show hold? Think about mutual exclusion and deadlock avoidance.
    Nicht nötig da es schon so nicht geht :)


## 11. Now study the code for the ticket lock in ticket.s. Does it match the code in the chapter? Then run with the following flags: -a bx=1000,bx=1000 (causing each thread to loop through the critical section 1000 times). Watch what happens; do the threads spend much time spin-waiting for the lock?
    Teilweiße wird oft geloopt 

## 12. How does the code behave as you add more threads?
    Ist egal.

## 13. Now examine yield.s, in which a yield instruction enables one thread to yield control of the CPU (realistically, this would be an OS primitive, but for the simplicity, we assume an instruction does the task). Find a scenario where test-and-set.s wastes cycles spinning, but yield.s does not. How many instructions are saved? In what scenarios do these savings arise?
    python2 x86.py -p yield.s -M mutex,count -R ax,bx -a bx=2,bx=2 -P 001 -c > out2.txt
    python2 x86.py -p test-and-set.s -M mutex,count -R ax,bx -a bx=2,bx=2 -P 001 -c > out.txt

## 14. Finally, examine test-and-test-and-set.s. What does this lock do? What kind of savings does it introduce as compared to test-and-set.s?
    Es wird vor dem xchg geprüft ob es überhaupt geht